# Goodreads Book Search and Rating App

First of all I added another requirement in requirments.txt but I think you have it installed on your computer it is requests library. If you want to run the application you can easily run "run.sh" file in your git, all of the environment variables are set in this file. The static folder contains two folders named "Images" and "Styles". As you might guess from the names Images folder contains some images that are used inside the application and Styles folder contains my sass and css file that I have used for styling. There's another folder named templates that contains all of my html files. book.html is the page that the user can see the details about a book. home.html is the page that user sees when he/she is logged in and it is the page that the user can search books in it. index.html is the page that user sees when he/she is visiting the site for the first time or they aren't logged in. layout.html is a default layout for my html files that my html files such as book.html, home.html, index.html and review.html inherit from. log-in.html is the login page where the user can log in. sign-up.html is the page that the user can sign up. review.html is the page that user can write a review about a book. sign-in-layout.html is a default layout for my sign in and log in page that they inherit from. application.py is my main flask file that contains all of the functions for my application and at last the import.py is the program for importing book.csv file to my database.
